Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey, how are you
Matt Huss III: Okay. Good. How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. How are things going this week.
Matt Huss III: Good. Pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about your week
Um,
Matt Huss III: We
Matt Huss III: Were
Matt Huss III: Not much different than last week.
Matt Huss III: Really, I'm
Matt Huss III: Just
Matt Huss III: School
Matt Huss III: Home writing papers and then going to sleep.
Matt Huss III: Basically all my, that's what my life consists of
Matt Huss III: Which sucks.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: There's some
Matt Huss III: Oh, I'm
Matt Huss III: Where
Matt Huss III: I'm hoping
Matt Huss III: That
Matt Huss III: Apparently were selling my dad selling this house a lot sooner than I thought.
Matt Huss III: And we're gonna go back to Florida where my son and daughter still are.
Matt Huss III: And I'll plan on continuing school and then 10 doing this program and everything.
Matt Huss III: And going into an A meetings and stuff as well.
Matt Huss III: And I might want to ask you, I can just bring this you and keep on seeing you even there, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe so. I believe so. I think that we are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Licensed in Florida. I'm gonna have to find out.
Matt Huss III: My doctor said he wasn't able to prescribe anything in Florida. So I'm gonna switch doctors but
Matt Huss III: He didn't know anything about. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: This there'd be no reason why this program doesn't work in Florida. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if we are credentialed in that state and approved it. Are you planning on weight is your insurance. What's your insurance.
Matt Huss III: It's Medicaid Blue Cross Blue Shield.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So would it be covered in Florida, would it be the same. It would actually switch right to a policy out of Florida.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, yes. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We need to find out if we're credentialed in that state whether or not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right heart can practice in that state. That's what it's all about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'll have to find that out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let you know about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so when is this, when are you when is this happening.
Matt Huss III: Um,
Matt Huss III: We're, we're not quite sure about timeframe, because we don't know how fast the House will sell
Matt Huss III: He but we're hoping
Matt Huss III: To be there some point this summer.
Matt Huss III: And then I will, you know, go to a university in Florida by next semester instead of it. But if we're not there by the start of next semester. Semester after summer.
Matt Huss III: The Fall semester than I guess we would have to stay here until December.
Matt Huss III: So hopefully it's during the summer. But we'll see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'll find out my supervisors out of town right now, but I'll find out when she comes back, whether or not we are able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work with Florida insurance and out of Florida. I know we do in Ohio. So I know that there are a few states on the east coast that we are working, working with so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll find out that information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And did you have a conversation with your roommate.
Matt Huss III: Roommate
Matt Huss III: Somewhat. Um, it didn't get as
Matt Huss III: Deep
Matt Huss III: As what we talked about as I would have liked to but
Matt Huss III: We did talk about
Matt Huss III: Some of the financial aid from this semester that I just got, um, and
Matt Huss III: I'm gonna you know it. I got
Matt Huss III: It. We talked about it. And there's a there's a bunch of the month of that money that I'm going to be able to probably save
Matt Huss III: To get a car.
Matt Huss III: Eventually when
Matt Huss III: Well, if we're in Florida. I'll probably buy a motorcycle because there's no insurance so won't be as expensive but um
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: You know, I need a new computer for school.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: Yeah, we talked about it yeah I you know i don't i don't really get it because
Matt Huss III: You know, he knows I need a computer and I need a car.
Matt Huss III: And it just
Matt Huss III: Doesn't
Matt Huss III: It's like, it doesn't matter. You know, Sam.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was it that you that you did find out about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did he showed you the breakdown and where he felt that you owed him.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, that's, that's what I mean I'm there's
Matt Huss III: A bunch of the money.
Matt Huss III: That I still need to find out, you know,
Matt Huss III: How much I do or
Matt Huss III: He thinks I O or, um,
Matt Huss III: But at least there's some I found out about like half of the financial aid, where
Matt Huss III: You know, there was like
Matt Huss III: $300 I owed for the trip to Texas.
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: And then I got
Matt Huss III: Back.
Matt Huss III: About $1,000 not back but
Matt Huss III: Yeah, back, basically. But the other
Matt Huss III: 3000 or so I need to figure out, you know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, like I said, it didn't get as detailed
Matt Huss III: Basically
Matt Huss III: About 1000 of it.
Matt Huss III: I found I got
Matt Huss III: I figured out, but
Matt Huss III: He is. He is offering to
Matt Huss III: When we do move we are getting a three bedroom apartment so that my daughter that I have full time by myself.
Matt Huss III: Well, I did all our life before I came here to go to school and to get clean
Matt Huss III: To move in with us.
Matt Huss III: Um, and then offered to let me stay there for six months for free until I could
Matt Huss III: Get a job and income and, you know, things like that.
Matt Huss III: So that was generous.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: If I had the money that I've
Matt Huss III: All this money that's gone to him over some many like a year.
Matt Huss III: Um, I'd have enough to you know get my own place with my daughter. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Which I just thought about
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: It's kind of
Matt Huss III: Yeah, and it's kind of like
Matt Huss III: He didn't. He's like, making sure that I felt this way long time because he's tried to convince me every time I've because I've tried to go back to Florida myself for a couple times and
Matt Huss III: He. It's like he and I wasn't able to yet just for other reasons. But, um, it's like he tried to convince me
Matt Huss III: He was all he would always try like it felt like he was trying to convince me to stay like he needed
Matt Huss III: My income, you know,
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: It was it felt like that before. Um,
Matt Huss III: I don't know if that's the case.
Matt Huss III: Or not, but
Matt Huss III: So that that might be why
Matt Huss III: He's
Matt Huss III: Making it so that
Matt Huss III: It's not just me going back to Florida and
Matt Huss III: You know this is going to you know make sure that I'm with staying with him that this new apartment or whatever that we're getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any wants some kind of clarity of monthly expenses and so that you have a clear picture. You know what I mean.
Matt Huss III: Yeah. Yeah, I definitely plan on
Matt Huss III: You know, like when we get there and
Matt Huss III: It's like, you know, I'm going to be financially completely. That's it for me. I'm not giving anything they haven't told on tour to pay back or whatever, it's just going to be my port whatever we make as
Matt Huss III: A range as my portion of the red and the utilities.
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: That actually
Matt Huss III: Might
Matt Huss III: Work out pretty well.
Matt Huss III: Kind of like a fresh start, you know,
Matt Huss III: What and I'm looking forward to the move a lot
Matt Huss III: Back to my kids.
Matt Huss III: Which has been really hard to stay away this long.
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: It was, you know, it's they I know that it's
Matt Huss III: A the right thing and the
Matt Huss III: best outcome for everyone in the long run, but they don't understand that.
You know,
Matt Huss III: My daughter is old enough to know
Matt Huss III: What it's really going on. And you know, when I came out here and stuff and
Matt Huss III: Which sucks but
Matt Huss III: My son's like call me. He lives with my ex wife, but I'm supposed to have them every weekend and all summer long and
Matt Huss III: He's always asking me, um, you know, when you coming home. Are you still living with PA or whatever you call them.
Matt Huss III: Is probably any is probably wondering why I even moved out here. To begin with, you know,
Matt Huss III: But at five.
Matt Huss III: Which is, I think it's still okay because I don't remember anything from when I'm five when I was five years old. So I'm, I'm thinking I'm I hope
Matt Huss III: I think I have the chance to not emotionally trauma or damage him like I have my daughter, you know,
Matt Huss III: Like I'm sure she's, she's definitely got some emotional
Matt Huss III: Issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How old is your daughter.
Matt Huss III: Now,
15 yeah
So,
Matt Huss III: Me and her still really, really close, you know,
Matt Huss III: She's always asking when I'll be back. And, you know, looking forward to live in with me again.
Matt Huss III: So that's good but I'm
Like
Matt Huss III: It scares me because it's at her age as well. Now, you started
Matt Huss III: I'm doing stupid things and getting in trouble and experimenting with drugs and girls and
Matt Huss III: Like I I wasn't even I was. I wasn't even a virgin at her age and so
Matt Huss III: She said she still is. But
Matt Huss III: Who knows, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You talk to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He talked to her regularly.
Matt Huss III: Yeah yeah
Matt Huss III: There's sometimes a few days ago by where I'm just so wrapped up in
Matt Huss III: In my head that I just I just totally forgot to call, but I'm
Matt Huss III: Pretty good about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It happened, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, as long as you have, you know, consistent relationship with her and she knows you know you're out here, you are going to school, you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, getting your life together so that you can go back and be the best dad that you could possibly be. You know what I mean. That's all that matters.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah. She um
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm hoping. So she's she she hasn't had a mother.
Matt Huss III: Her mother left when she was like three and then was like
Matt Huss III: And then she had a mother figure when I married my ex wife, but then she disappeared. I'm not in the same way.
Matt Huss III: But still,
Matt Huss III: And so I was the only one that was consistently with her, you know, and living with her, you know, for 14 years until I came here.
Matt Huss III: So I think she's she knows
Matt Huss III: That you know i'm not i'm coming back. I'm not gone. You know, I'm not going anywhere.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But who she's saying, without their
My mother.
Matt Huss III: And her boyfriend.
Matt Huss III: And so she's, she's in a good
Matt Huss III: Home.
Matt Huss III: In a good environment, but
Matt Huss III: My mom.
Matt Huss III: Uh, let me get let me do anything I wanted you don't basically she like I didn't. I was never disciplined in my entire life.
Matt Huss III: Until I was arrested and charged and went to jail as an adult, you know, at 18
So,
Matt Huss III: Um,
Matt Huss III: That's what worries me that you know
Matt Huss III: Dust is not getting
Matt Huss III: It. Yeah. And, well, I grew up without a father figure because I'm
Matt Huss III: Even my stepfather who
Matt Huss III: You know, raised me
Matt Huss III: He was gone, traveling all the time first business was never around but I heard it's more important for daughter.
Matt Huss III: To have a father figure than
Matt Huss III: A guy, a boy.
Matt Huss III: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, you know, definitely. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is more important, but I know it's important that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There, you know that you're available, whether it be by phone, whether it be in person, whatever that they keep that contact with you, you know, no matter what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, back in. Back in the day, that's just how it was, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dads were gone, and they were working all the time, or they're traveling because of work and, you know, and, you know, the kids had to be with the, the person at home. I mean, it's just part of, you know, part of life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's going to be a big adjustment after you know having this year to get your life together and engaging in school and you know getting you know your life back on track to go back and be a full time parent
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Add that to your plate.
You know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I realized that
Matt Huss III: When I went
Matt Huss III: For Christmas when I went to visit them and the first weekend that I was there.
Matt Huss III: This is not a problem. She's my daughter, she's really easygoing laid back and very easy to, you know, we get along so well we hang out and, you know, easy to take care of. But then I had my son for the first weekend.
Matt Huss III: And that like by the end of the weekend I was
Matt Huss III: Just mentally
Matt Huss III: Exhausted, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Completely
Matt Huss III: Out what it was like.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Matt Huss III: A little bit, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so, you know, really devising a plan before you go to be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get back in and be adjusted. You know what I mean, be secure be adjusted have clarity with expectations on financial stuff with your roommate. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have clarity on visitation, you know, with your five year old so that you don't become so overwhelmed that turns you right back to the road that you're getting away from you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's okay. If you take time, you know, for you because you need to you need to put yourself first, you need to put recover your recovery first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your health. First, those things need to be the priority because everything else benefits when you do that when you put everything else first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It all goes to crap you know when you're not focusing on that core and that core, meaning you
Matt Huss III: I've had that experience many, many times every time because I've gotten clean
Matt Huss III: once in my life for a few years.
Matt Huss III: This time it's Feels Like the First Time for some reason.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: I've been, you know, clean, like for a few months, a bunch times
Matt Huss III: And I'll take on school and or work, or both, and parenting and
Matt Huss III: And that yeah and
Matt Huss III: And I ended up relapsing because I feel like I'm
Matt Huss III: I thought yeah because of that. I don't take care of myself, I end up
Matt Huss III: Getting depressed again and my anxiety and the mental aspect of the
Matt Huss III: Withdrawal symptoms is what kills
Matt Huss III: Me every time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sir, definitely. That's why it's important that you have things set in place clarity on what you know the expectations. Why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you start out slow with, you know, especially with your five year old, you want to start out slow like having him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: During the daytime for, you know, a couple weeks starting out and not having full weekends, because you're going to be in a new place, you're going to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, you might consider doing that with your daughter for a little bit to, you know, allowing her to come and get adjusted to the new environment with you. And you know what I mean. Instead of just walking in and have everything like right on top of you. And then you're like,
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: That's that's happened. Um, yeah.
Matt Huss III: My ex wife will not let that she will not work with me.
Matt Huss III: It's
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: She's spiteful it's it's weird. It's like
Matt Huss III: She's the reason we got divorced, but it's like
Matt Huss III: But I'm the civil one and the, you know, and the one that tries to work with her and compromise and stuff. And she's the Spikeball one and the one that you know does things just to
Matt Huss III: You know, make my life.
Matt Huss III: Harder miserable or
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is strange, but it's not because I'm, you know, people become resentful. They get frustrated and if she's able to push those buttons on you. She will if she's able to to get what she wants. By acting that way toward you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and that's just, you know, the way that relationship you know exes work you know setting clear boundaries on your expectations asking her to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what it is that she expects in the beginning when you first come back and really having a game plan together so that you guys both know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What it's going to be like when he first. You know, when you go back for the first, you know, three to six months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you've got to, and this is where, you know, this is what gets tough because you know you you need to set those healthy boundaries for yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need to know that you need to come first, you need to know that your recovery comes first, because without that you lose everything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're, you just take 20 steps back. And so, you know, being able to say I you know my plan is to be there. I want to be a participant. I want to, you know, but I need to do it in a do it slowly to where I'm not overwhelmed and I don't go back to what I just got out of, you know,
Matt Huss III: She, she doesn't understand because
Matt Huss III: We actually met the reason we met.
Matt Huss III: At a university in Florida. We're both going to the same school and we met, and we were both in fairly early recovery actually
Matt Huss III: Which is a problem which
Matt Huss III: You know, apparently is a problem which I didn't learn till later on but
Matt Huss III: You know, so
Matt Huss III: And we stayed clean for a few years and then create them came out and we didn't know what it was. And that's what got us back into using and
Matt Huss III: What happened was,
Matt Huss III: We it took years and years for the cradle to to
Matt Huss III: Kind of ruin our lives, you know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, um, whereas opiates will do it in like a day, you know, but, um, anyways, so we got to this point where I was so like I was depressed.
Matt Huss III: And she became just this totally different person just a complete like
Matt Huss III: She just like
Matt Huss III: All of a sudden, she was. She went from like this laid back very cool, you know, easy going down to earth person and then all of a sudden it was like
Matt Huss III: Everything pissed her off. And she was so she had to make me pissed off about everything and and she always mad and always, I don't know what happened but
Matt Huss III: So, so that, in turn, made me depressed and when I get depressed and anxious I shut down. And so that, in turn, made her worse and anyways.
Matt Huss III: So I
Matt Huss III: Said to I agreed to leave the house we had together for a certain amount of time to get clean
Matt Huss III: And I like basically locked myself and rented this like trailer basically go, I want to Lowe's
Matt Huss III: Home trailers, you know,
Matt Huss III: Just for myself and locked myself in there and got clean off the cranium and then when I was done.
Matt Huss III: She was supposed to go. And I would stay home with the kids.
Matt Huss III: So I go I get clean
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: I get back. And, you know, she doesn't want me back in the house. You know, I'm figuring
Matt Huss III: You know she was never actually planning on going.
Matt Huss III: Taking she didn't actually ever want to get a clean you know herself.
Matt Huss III: So she never went and tried, and I never even went back to her after that, I don't think, I don't think I lived with her at all after that.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: Anyways, the reason I'm saying that is because so so she's actually still on the cradle.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, um,
Matt Huss III: So she she fits. She thinks she's clean, you know, she feels like she's living a normal life and taking care of things. And I guess because she takes
Matt Huss III: A small enough amount where it doesn't ruin her life, but she she she bought. She has a bachelor's in economics and could have gone further but got a bartending job.
Matt Huss III: And, you know, she makes crazy, crazy money.
Matt Huss III: Because it's like the only bar in this like redneck
Matt Huss III: Town in the middle of the woods in Florida, you know,
Matt Huss III: And she brings home like 800 bucks on a week Friday night, you know, in cash and
Matt Huss III: But she's still living with her mom.
Matt Huss III: And grandmother
Matt Huss III: And so
Matt Huss III: She doesn't see that she could have you know her own place her on, you know, have a real life if she wasn't on it, but because she's on it. She's just, you know, just barely getting by.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Matt Huss III: But she sees that as normal and fine and okay so it's like I'm always the one
Matt Huss III: I'm the messed up one because I'm relying on people to, you know, survive and live and you know
Matt Huss III: But because she
Matt Huss III: Has money and is able
Matt Huss III: Then, you know, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just a vicious cycle in it.
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so she she she doesn't know.
Matt Huss III: What it's like, I don't think she remembers what it was like when we first met when we were because I don't think I don't think she's, she's ever been truly clean like
Matt Huss III: Like I've never been until now really or that one. Yeah. And I don't even even then I think maybe I was on Suboxone or and and Xanax
Matt Huss III: And then
Matt Huss III: The Cray dumb.
Matt Huss III: After that, honestly, so
Matt Huss III: Like this is the first time that my brain is it's still messed up. I mean, but there's
Matt Huss III: Nothing in it.
Matt Huss III: It's it
Matt Huss III: I don't know how to explain this like
Matt Huss III: I don't think I've ever been.
Matt Huss III: Clean and straight minded like this since I was 13 years old. Mm hmm. You know, because I've never made it past four to six months clean except for that one time and even that time. You know, I don't know if I was really
Matt Huss III: Trying like I wasn't going to therapy. I wasn't doing the meetings I wasn't
Matt Huss III: I was still partying. I think every once in a while, I would probably use something, you know, with her.
Matt Huss III: But because it wasn't opiates. It was okay, you know, that kind of thing.
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: And I don't think she's ever felt this way and doesn't know what it is to be actually clean and how hard it is to feel this way.
Matt Huss III: She only knows
Matt Huss III: And I remember that creative being on it after like five or six years of taking it everyday. It made you mad at everything always at everyone like very irritable, for some reason.
Matt Huss III: Which opiates never did that. But there's the cradle. It did that it changed. Both of us it we became like
Matt Huss III: Different people and she's still that very spiteful mean
Matt Huss III: Person that the Creator made her become
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: On I don't know even why I'm even it's pointless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not really pointless because you're where you're aware of what you're walking into you're aware of the potential toxicity. Toxicity of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The relationship that you have with her. And so knowing that gives you the, the ability to guard yourself from engaging in that warfare wicker you know
Matt Huss III: That's true that, yeah, it has come in handy, a bunch of times.
Matt Huss III: Where she's tried to push those buttons and I've actually not responded and
Matt Huss III: She did not take it well, but I was okay so use or, you know, it didn't trigger me or anything. Right. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what it's about. You know what I mean, because that's what you have control over. You don't have control over her responses or her reactions to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to you but you know setting boundaries with her before you go, or when you get there and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, letting her know what you can do and what you can't do and not allowing her push those buttons to push you over the edge to get you back into that spiral, you know, is really what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you want to work for, you know, because ultimately, you know, the idea is to be happy. Find out what makes you happy, and to develop and create your own happiness, your own happy life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever that looks like, you know what I mean, regardless of what other people think or say or do. This is about Matthew
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is about you. This is about what does that look like for you and you're you're doing all this work in schools so that you have this education and you can get this awesome job when it's over with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have a career and better your life and being in recovery. It's the same thing. It's like that and your education piece sort of side by side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you go back into you know that dangerous ground when you go back to Florida. It's going to be important that you do things different than what you've ever done.
Matt Huss III: Everybody out there doesn't know what it's like what I'm going through
Matt Huss III: yellows, you know, my, my father.
Matt Huss III: Kind of does because of the addiction to crack, but
Matt Huss III: Coming putting an upper is way different than
Matt Huss III: Quitting opiates.
Matt Huss III: And really
Matt Huss III: You know, few months down the road, or two years down the road, very different.
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: So yeah, that's, that's it. That's a dangerous thing. Yeah. Florida is bad about that everybody there that I that I deal with or have to deal with her knows me or
Matt Huss III: You know, they don't have any clue. They're like, so you know that's why every time in the past that I've done. I got clean, I, I've taken on too much because
Matt Huss III: Every that's what was expected of me, you know, all of a sudden
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to clear away those expectations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, really set some boundaries with the people that you're going to be engaging with before you ever get there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which really, you know, we can walk through it and talk about it over the next couple months and really help you devise a plan on how you're going to deal with these situations to keep you safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so that you can be a productive member you know in your life and in your kids is live without taking on too much, that really causes you to take 20 steps back. You know, that's important, you know, doing things differently than you've ever done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's
Matt Huss III: How to do that. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, we'll talk about it, you know, the next couple months, and we will devise
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know plans around it and some of the work is going to be really easy, but other were other you know like your ex trying to set boundaries with her. It's going to be tough, but if you don't engage in the warfare. She can't fight by yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to not engage in it. You know, you've got to say, look at this as I'm coming back. And this is what I know in the very beginning that I'm going to be able to handle
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My idea. You know what I need for me is to be able to work into more than that. But in the beginning, this is what I'm going to have to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and again, not allowing her to set to push those buttons for you to, you know, be detoured from the path that you're on because you're on an awesome path right now. You know, you want to stay there. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And in doing that, the first step is getting, you know, to a point where you can have this conversation with your roommate and set some get some information.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I see you know the when we, when we bring this up. I just want to tell you, I see the stress come in your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Face like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's just
There.
Matt Huss III: And I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. I totally get it. But if if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The communication, isn't there, and the openness, isn't there, and you're not understanding, it's not going to get any better when you guys move
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you just need to need to be able to go and say, I just need to understand this completely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, I know that I had this and I know that I owed for that. And I know that I owed for that, but I'm trying to get myself in order my finances in order
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And so being able to do that I need to know what the expectations are financially going to be from me from this point out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what is that going to look like. So that I can get prepared, you know, for the shift that's coming
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's it. You know, that's an acceptable request, it's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something that you know isn't you know it's being an adult and taking control of your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's something for you to think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, it's not what you say, but it's about
You know,
Matt Huss III: What you just said like take control of your and I'm thinking about it. I've always let
Matt Huss III: Other people
Matt Huss III: Kind of dictate
Matt Huss III: What I do with my life or what I do or how I do it so much. Now, I never thought so. Never thought that
Matt Huss III: But now that I'm thinking back about it. I
Matt Huss III: Think I feel so guilty about what I've done in the past because of
Matt Huss III: The drugs abuse stuff that I'll let them kind of basically control me in different ways.
Matt Huss III: And not stand up for myself.
Matt Huss III: Out of out of guilt and feeling like
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something to think about, you know, to be able to work on to do something different. Again, with all of this that's coming up and all your changes. It's about taking back control over that all of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those pieces as well and St. You don't have, you know, you've got how long sober right now.
Matt Huss III: Purposely don't keep like track.
Matt Huss III: Because I used to, and it, it was the problem for me because I'd be like, I get to like two years. And I'd be like, well, it's two years I get to use once you know it'll be okay.
Matt Huss III: I purposely don't keep track now and therefore me, but I think it's about. It's got to be pretty close to a year, almost, you know, summer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like it's it's the next step is, is what needs to happen and that is letting go of the guilt of the past.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Letting go. Yeah, you can. Don't say you can't say I'll work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, because if you say you can't. It's a definite no I'm not going to do that. And I'm going to stay in the cycle. But if you say, all right, that's something that I'm willing to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She said we're open to be able to help you relieve yourself from some of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Guilt that you have from the past and you know something else. Matthew is you have to know that who you are when you're under the influence and the behaviors that you engage in when you're under the influence is completely different than who you are at your core.
Matt Huss III: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe that 100% you know there are things that we do and links that we will go to to get our next hi that we would never engage in when we were when we're sober so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From my past experience. I know that to be true, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And once we we learn to let go of the hurt and the guilt from the past, there's this freedom to be able to take control of your life and you know, be able to set boundaries with people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to be able to be okay and setting those boundaries with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People and asking questions and getting clarity, you know, for your own safety and your own security, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's the path that we're going to be working
On
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time to take your life back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see you shaking your head. I don't hear any words.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely you know it's been a great thing that your friend has been there and that he's been helping you. But there comes a point. It's almost like a baby learning to walk there comes a point when those hands have to be off the baby for the baby to be able to walk on its own.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Matt Huss III: Depressing to metaphorically compare me to a baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can put it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We could metaphorically, put it to riding a bike or learning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cycle or
Matt Huss III: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any of those things. But for me, that's what came to my mind is that when I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Started taking back control of my life. I had to, to, to ask the people around me that were helping me to let go of me a little bit so that I could take control of my life a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cuz I don't know about you, but I sure felt like a baby for the first couple years that I started changing my life. I certainly did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was, you know, dependent on other people. And they, you know, the same thing. It was like these expectations. These unclear expectations, you know, really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were were my struggle to. But when I started again setting boundaries and asking questions and really taking control over what was best best for me, what's best for Matthew
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You started seeing things and it empowers you. You know, and once you get to that point where you've you're able to have clarity with your roommate and with your ex. And what's going to happen and how it's going to happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like the whole world's open this this this whole other level of life that we get to experience. It's kind of amazing.
Matt Huss III: Know, I've ever known is
Matt Huss III: Prison behind bars prison because of trying to find my next hit or prison because of
Matt Huss III: Somebody are trying to get clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure.
Matt Huss III: I feel like I've never
Matt Huss III: Really lived
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you are today. You have to really take a look at you know where you're at today. You know, because in so many areas.
Matt Huss III: Stuck in a house because I can't
Matt Huss III: You know, use my money for a car.
Matt Huss III: Go to school for
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm still I feel so
Matt Huss III: Controlled so like just in
Matt Huss III: The same thing every day and no
Matt Huss III: Nothing different you know I'm just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's work on that. Let's work on getting you empowered. Let's work on you, you know, changing it up and doing something different. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's how we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's how we get ourselves back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing the same thing you've always done is the meaning of insanity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, doing things a little bit different every day.
Is freedom.
Matt Huss III: That's why I never, I never a big reason I used drugs actually is because I
Matt Huss III: Hated like hated it is actually a very euphemistic word for a feeling towards it.
Matt Huss III: That monotony of
Matt Huss III: Waking up going to work coming home.
Matt Huss III: Dealing with the kids or the wife or whatever you have going on and then doing it again the next day, same thing. And then, then you get the weekend.
Matt Huss III: You have money to go do something different.
Matt Huss III: But then it starts over again.
Matt Huss III: And that's just life and and and
Matt Huss III: And that's
Matt Huss III: Oh, okay. For
Matt Huss III: That's I guess that that's what's normal. I feel like that's what people expect of everyone. I feel feel like that's what people expect like think is
Matt Huss III: Is the right way to live.
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: I would blow my brains out. If I had to
Matt Huss III: Go to work at something I didn't enjoy every day for eight hours and
Matt Huss III: Come home to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Matt Huss III: I don't know, whatever. And then just do it the rest for another 50 or 60 years
Matt Huss III: You know cuz my generations retirement years probably gonna be like 90
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you could, if you could look at it in a whole different room and think of it as you get to create your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For what works for you, whether it be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hiking on the weekends, whether it be, you know, finding new adventures during, you know, during the time that you're not in school, but really living those those moments to the fullest potential.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes the rest not seems the whole routine initially mundane, you know,
Matt Huss III: Hope so I
Matt Huss III: I, I haven't enjoyed anything
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I've since I was in high school. You know, before even probably Middle School. Um, I haven't found anything that I really
Matt Huss III: Have found that I really enjoy um there's things that
Matt Huss III: If I'm
Matt Huss III: A little high or high, then I enjoy
Matt Huss III: But otherwise, it's like too much of a hassle too much of an effort to do it, you know.
Matt Huss III: So I hope that changes the longer I'm clean so that I can do those things that I know I enjoy. If I'm high at, you know,
Matt Huss III: And be able to do it without advance such
Matt Huss III: As being a chore or job to do something and someone Jeff and rather as something you want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, so that's something that you get to work on this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get to figure out some of the things that make you happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Almost like a, in a sense, it's almost like a bucket list. Hey, I've never experienced this. I've never experienced this. I've never experienced this, and I would like to try these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Excuse me, but really putting together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't care if it's one or four or five things but just finding something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you want to experience while you're, you know, on this earth because when you build a list like that and you start, you do the first one, whatever it might be, could be something simple trying a different type of food. I mean, it could really be that simple.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The first time you do it motivates you to find something else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then motivate you to find something else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've just got to figure out what that looks like for you.
Matt Huss III: That makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what you're towards this week. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then next week we'll talk about what's on your list, and we'll talk about the things that are feasible to be able to do in the moment versus the things that aren't that might take a little more planning or a little more time or a little more money or whatever, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're going to get you out of your box a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And get you to experience some things that you haven't experienced before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they could be just simple things can make all the difference in the world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to find them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Deal.
Matt Huss III: Yeah. Don't think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so my next clients already here. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Same time, same place next week right here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay deal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, of course. Okay, let's find your happy Matthew
OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will see you next week.
Matt Huss III: See you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.